No no no no no
Not step down from the position of manager
It's that you voluntarily get out of this company
3 days later
He's going to a business-style private dinner
Ordinary people can't get in at all
How can I reach him?
Siyan, why are you here?
Well, why don't you go back first?
I still have to work overtime
Don't wait for me.
You forgot
I made an appointment with the parents of both parties for dinner tonight
Ah, it's over.
I forgot it's alright I've been delayed for an hour
Did it scare you in the morning?
Morning, you said the president will do that
Well, I just think he's cruel.
I don't think you're scary.
It turns out that doing things is real
of
How come?
It's because of your promotion
Are they talking about you behind your back?
That's how they are
He asked me to rely on a mouth
Just ignore them.
No way.
No, don't get me wrong.
Hey don't
As for this matter, I actually already have a solution
Although he has such a small difficulty
But
I really need your help with one thing
After three days
President Lu has a business career
That private dinner
I don't know if there's any way you can dream
Look, don't worry.
I'm the assistant of the boss.
This ability is still yours
Colleague give up
Husband, you are amazing